due to the heroic actions of Team Sky
Murray the phone star was destroyed and
peace returned to the world of pooyan
but that did not put an end to the
natural calamities natural disasters
still occurred but much less often he
does to say rescue teams scour EES
activities continued as if nothing had
changed several mornings later this is
my short little after game video I guess
you could call it I want to do this just
by show it so there's still rescue jobs
and everything is the way it was
Caterpie and Metapod are going to show
up and something here that's happened
looks completely different hmm
interesting
talk to the whiscash pond there's elk
salmon grand ball blue appear without
noticing hmm what a strange cave
weird so he went through evolution which
he should be familiar if you played
other Pro young games other than this
it basically balls it becomes stronger
now I all pulley on evolve and evolution
this game is kind of different you have
to go to that cave of all stuff like
Pikachu's that evolved off of thunder
stones you can still get Thunder stones
and you'll have to still use them an
evolution isn't bad the powers and
abilities may be enhanced so it might be
a good thing but you have to meet
certain conditions now you can't go in
it now because you're not alone you can
do regular actions at the square the
jump up we're gonna leave soon so he
gets ready to say goodbye to them
there's still missions at the pel / post
office the board is full of them and
there were it will always be full
where did Papa go now you're going to go
back to your base and the only reason
I'm not doing any town square stuff is
just because I don't want to waste time
with that many Cham will be here and if
you talked to him you could go back and
tuck the long break and unlocks a
dungeon but once you get to your base
now see how you do that you have to go
out for a mission and money is gonna
talk to you about something he wants to
have a new way of running things and
that's how we change leaders which is
pretty cool because you don't always
have to play as your po Yan and it's a
really good idea so and it's in the new
dungeons that you experience there will
be you could actually like just tell
your partner to go off in its own
direction you could swap to them if they
find the steps so it's actually a pretty
cool thing you can't
ouch you can actually change leaders and
dungeons in the new dungeons but you
can't do that in the new ones now it's
pretty good because I can tell money you
stand by and this will this is where I'm
going to show you that evolution money's
at a high enough level that I'm capable
of making or mudkips a high enough level
I'm capable of making them evolve so I'm
gonna just ever loose are evolved it's
quite simple so now I'm a Marshtomp
that's pretty much this process of
evolution and
I kinda like being a budget but it's
called of all it's worth doing and one
last thing I talk about after this this
is my last video of the walkthrough that
does not mean I'm not gonna do any
videos but any videos from here on will
probably just be like boss battles or
something because the post game is
really like you could go off and all
different paths I wish I could show you
but like a grid of like what you could
do but there's so many different things
you could do and it just unlocks all
sorts of options of this now two things
I want to talk about real quick there's
the sword cave and there's new things
called keys and you could use the keys
to unlock doors and get items in certain
dungeons and one other thing there's
something else which is traps and
dungeons there in the new dungeons there
are quite a pain actually so if you
they're all negative effects so you
don't want those they're bad and there's
just so much to do you really just gotta
figure it out on your own so this is it
thank you everyone for watching my pony
on mystery dungeon wather